hello tubers this is a unofficial
unboxing of the element vapor pro case
so-called limited white edition I call
it an unofficial unboxing because this
video is really for a response to a guy
that I saw in you to reviewing this
exact same case the white so-called
limited edition and i responded to his
video with my little remarks or whatever
and telling him that I got the case for
like twenty eight bucks to make a long
story short so he came back saying like
my case was fake or whatever and it
takes more than twenty bucks to you know
manufacture element pro case bumper or
whatever you want to call it so I know
the first thing you're saying is like
this this is not the white one but this
is the black one that I did have on my
phone um as you could tell them prada
can tell i'm making this video using my
phone my iphone 4 is white 32 gigabyte
and this is the black one that i was
referring to in my comment that i got
for eighteen dollars now these cases
retail somewhere in the market of
between six to nine and what 149 this
here is the box that the white one came
in as you can see you got the element
logo there and inside the box
I can get this sumbitch open all right
like I say the element logo here and
inside the box we have I guess fake
certificate of authenticity from element
telling you that this year the vapor pro
in this certificate certifies the honor
blase blase but and inside the you know
case for the case that all most all
element probes come with I'm coming I'm
guessing I all of them come with inside
the case you got this little cardboard
deal it's telling you you know what you
got what it's made out of blase blase
okay then also comes with a directional
I guess you could say user guide on
where the place you little pads or
whatever your shock pads on here they
call them crash pads is what they call
them now with this black one for some
reason you know I guess is i guess it is
fake or whatever but some reason the
shock pads the crash pads were already
in it don't know why I got to say I
guess is fake but also in the case for
case you have the white element you know
paper pro here come with the little
clearer paneling on the side I call it
the ice ice panel and I don't know if
you can see that no the lighting in here
shit it but oh that's upside down my bad
I can see it if it a focus focus bitch
SI is vapor pro on that side and here's
the element some on this
at it's like a white whore metal type
deal she has a tap it against the black
one also in the case you got the little
hex screw the crash pads or whatever and
comes with the sleep/wake button that's
about it the little loop for your key
ring like I got the key ring to the
black one right here so yeah I mean it's
really on you if you want to go out and
pay a hundred and forty nine dollars for
this case or you can get it like I got
it for 28 bucks from this website I
won't name but if you are comment to the
video i will put it in in the comments
you can pay 1429 for from element or you
know 18 for this one I think this one
retail for 629 and I don't know fake
maybe maybe not it looked damn good to
me I mean oh yeah I left out the little
this is a piece you put in the back of
pride of only ever get used see the
element sign on it it's like a skin
place on the back of your phone or
whatever yeah I guess you can say that's
about it peace